Penetration tests are periodically performed. Vulnerabilities are followed-up

Objective: Detect vulnerabilities within AACB internally developed software which needs to be followed-up. 

Categorization: Interdependent A (US/APAC/BRAZIL)

Why: Reveal flaws in the security mechanisms, improve AAC security posture and drive the cultural change in IT & Platform Grid organizations by establishing continuous security testing practice

Emulate adversarial behavior for defensive purpose

Identify security weakness(es) in prevention, detection and response in AACB's network

The Penetration Testing (PT) is performed due to;

AAB Policy and Compliance to standards

Regulatory or Audit requirements.

AACB CISO Strategy

Information Security Risk Assessment (ISRA)

Risk Reduction

Who: 

Asset Owner:

Responsible to review and agree with PT Plan

Responsible to raise request for their assets to be PT on periodic basis.

Responsible to raise PT deviation request if required.

Responsible to review and agrees on PT findings. Develop the mitigation plan and due date for the PT findings.

Responsible to follow-up, report and mitigate the PT findings based on the risk management process

AACB CISO Strategy & Governance (S&G):

Responsible to ensure PT Service is made available for asset owner/ regional consumption.

Responsible to align with asset owners and develop annual PT Plan and manage PT schedule and Backlog.

Responsible to determine the priorities for PT execution.

Responsible for the execution of PT

Engage external vendors/ consultant for additional resources and execution.

What: 

101-23-24 Information Risk policy

The Bank must continuously monitor IT systems, IT services and IT assets to identify potential security weaknesses, violations and incidents and must regularly test IT systems, IT services and controls to evaluate the effectiveness of risk management strategies. (5.6 Security testing and security monitoring)

S07-626 Penetration Testing Standard

The whole of the standard applies.

How: 

PT Preparation Process

AACB CISO S&G Team develop annual Penetration Test Plan.

S&G will establish the objective and agree with the stakeholder on the target. The timeline, duration, risk based approach and authorization required will be agreed before the kick-off meeting.

Asset Owner to raise PT request for their asset. Asset Owner to raise PT deviation (maximum of 6 months from the actual schedule) if the asset cannot be tested as per schedule. CISO to review and approve.

S&G will allocate resources for the execution.

Execution Process

The executor will work toward target objective.

The executor will follow PT methodology and procedure. Every activity will be documented and logged.

Status update and meeting will be organized with Asset Owner to update on the defects and incidents.

Wrap Up Process

The executor will perform the clean-up of PT and archival of the testing.

S&G will report PT summary with the findings to Asset Owner including findings, description, likelihood, impact and recommendation.

The Asset Owner reviews and agrees on the findings.

Asset Owner to document the mitigation action, responsibility and time line and submit to S&G.

Raise IMAT for Critical risk findings and assigned to Asset Owner. Raise JIRA ticket for High and Medium rated findings. The Asset Owner is responsible for the tracking and mitigation of all findings.

The PT report will be restricted and shared with the stakeholders including but not limited to GMT, CISO Teams, 2LoD (global and regional) and Regional Management Team.

Management Reporting

Track and report PT execution status against the annual plan.

The PT findings status (Critical, High and Medium) will be tracked for reporting. The status will be reported to management on monthly basis.

Escalation process will be initiated and reported to Global and Regional risk committees for assets where;

Continuous PT deviations (more than 1) are requested for the same assets.

Mitigation actions are not taken at all to address Critical and High risk findings.

When:

Annually:

Internet/ Extranet facing asset

Annual assessment mandated for asset for regulatory compliance

Crown Jewels

Every 2 years: Critical assets

Every 3 years: Non critical assets

Adhoc:

Information Security Risk Assessment (ISRA)

Projects requiring PT before go live

Theme based or risk based PT

Request from other CISO block (T&E, O&I, etc.)/ business

Where: Penetration Test is a global control and operated globally by AACB CISO Strategy & Governance (S&G).